update for sec-websocket-protocol with kxnodeflate (#273)
KxSystems/docs: docs/kb/websockets.md

In Chrome you can also observe the network handshake in _View&gt;Developer&gt;Developer tools_; a successful negotiation will have `“Sec-WebSocket-Extensions:permessage-deflate”` in the HTTP response header.

> Since 4.1 2024.03.12, 4.0 2024.03.04 websocket compression is disabled if kdb+ receives the `sec-websocket-protocol` http header with value `kxnodeflate` e.g. client javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since 4.1 2024.03.12, 4.0 2024.03.04 websocket compression is disabled if kdb+ receives the `sec-websocket-protocol` http header with value `kxnodeflate`, for example client javascript:
```
